    




      
    THIS map may be more unsatisfactory and conjectural than either of the others. The travels of our Lo I a seldom
    defined by localities sufficient to allow them to be sketched with any degree of oertainty. Still, a V , - "them, even
    though the exact route may be altogether conjectural, serves to impress the mind with the extent travels and the
    wearisome life which he lived, in his tabour of love, going about everywhere doing good. chart of these journeyings
    may seem somewhat confused, but they may be easily traced in their order, as deli by the different colours on the
    map according to the following descriptions. The dates are given according  chronology, four years below the
    common reckoning of the Christian era.
    
     I. In his first journey to Jerusalem, Jesus goes from Nazareth to be baptized of John in Jordan at Ectlh~, nearly
    opposite Jericho, par. 15. He is supposed to go down the east side of Jordan-he passes over into the wilderness of
    Judea, on the west side, about Jerioho - goes up to Jerusalem, returns A. D. 25. (par. 19) through the wild to John at
    Bethabara, and thence along the western banks of the Jordan to Nazareth; and (par.  20) to Cana and, Capernaum.
    
     II. Jesus goes up to Jerusalem the second time, A. D. 26.121, by the western route, (see page 1791) along the plain
    of Esdraelon and along the plain of Sharon. From Jerusalem he passes eastward to the Jordan, baptizes at Enoa near
    Shalim - returns to Jerusalem and to Galilee by the middle route, which conducts him to Jacob's well, par.  26, and
    Sychar, the Shechem of the Old Testament. He teaches publicly in the synagogues in Galilee, par. 26; is again at
    Cana and at Nazareth; and fixes his abode at Capernaum.  This public teaching in Galilee supposes him to have
    reached these plains by some such circuit as is indicated in this return.
    
     111. The first circuit in Galilee from Capernaum (A. D. 27.) is wholly conjectural, 1 32, but it extended "
    throughout all Galilee," Mark i. 89, and is accordiingly so indicated on the map.
    
     IV. The third journey to Jerusalem, par.  $6, A. D. 27. by the eastern route, crossing the Jordan and ascending to
    the table-land above, and following this through Ramoth Gilead to the fords of the Jordan near Jericho. Returns by
    the middle line of travel, for which we have no authority other than may seem to be indicated in the plucking of the
    ears of grain as he and his disciples passed through. The plains of Mamre and Esdraelon, through whi this route
    passes, are among the most fertile in Palestine, and to this day are covered with similar fields of grain.
    
     V. Second circuit in Galilee, par.  47, A. D. 27. This is sketched by conjecture around Upper Galilee.
    
     VI. Excursion across the lake to the country of the Gadarenes, south-east of the Sea of Galilee, par.  57, A. D. 27.
    
     VII. Third circuit in Galilee, par.  62, A.D. 128. Nothing is said to define this circuit It is sketched as passing
    through-- Nazareth, Shunem, the plain of Esdraelon and Tiberias. It is represented to have been a wide circuit, when
    the twelve apostles were also sent to supply his lack of service.
    
     VIII. Excursion to Bethsaida, on the north-east coast of the Sea of Galilee, par.  64, A. 1). 28. 
    
     IX. Fourth circuit in Galilee, par.  68, A. D. 28.  This is defined as comprising a wide range through Sarepta, Tyro
    and Zidon, and the region of Decapolis beyond Jordan.
    
     X. The fifth circuit in Galilee, par.  78, A. D. 28. to Bethsaida, north-east of the sea and to Cesarea Philippi.
    
     XI. The fourth and final journey to Jerusalem, 181, A. D. 28. This journey was by the middle route through Sa
    maria, where the ten lepers were cleansed, I 62.
    
     XII. The journey to Bethabara beyond Jordan, return to Bethany on the death of Lazarus. 191, A. D. 29.
    
     The circuit to Ephraim, the valley of the Jordan and in Forma, I 92 A. D. 29.
    